!USER_ENTERED_COMMAND CreateMeasures
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.x0 point = .rownolegly.PART_2.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = x_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.y0 point = .rownolegly.PART_2.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = y_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.z0 point = .rownolegly.PART_2.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = z_component create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.f0 component = angle_1_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_2.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.p0 component = angle_2_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_2.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.t0 component = angle_3_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_2.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.x1 point = .rownolegly.PART_3.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = x_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.y1 point = .rownolegly.PART_3.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = y_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.z1 point = .rownolegly.PART_3.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = z_component create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.f1 component = angle_1_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_3.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.p1 component = angle_2_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_3.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.t1 component = angle_3_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_3.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.x2 point = .rownolegly.PART_4.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = x_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.y2 point = .rownolegly.PART_4.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = y_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.z2 point = .rownolegly.PART_4.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = z_component create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.f2 component = angle_1_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_4.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.p2 component = angle_2_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_4.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.t2 component = angle_3_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_4.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.x3 point = .rownolegly.PART_5.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = x_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.y3 point = .rownolegly.PART_5.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = y_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.z3 point = .rownolegly.PART_5.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = z_component create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.f3 component = angle_1_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_5.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.p3 component = angle_2_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_5.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.t3 component = angle_3_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_5.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.x4 point = .rownolegly.PART_6.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = x_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.y4 point = .rownolegly.PART_6.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = y_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.z4 point = .rownolegly.PART_6.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = z_component create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.f4 component = angle_1_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_6.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.p4 component = angle_2_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_6.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.t4 component = angle_3_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_6.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.x5 point = .rownolegly.PART_7.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = x_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.y5 point = .rownolegly.PART_7.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = y_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.z5 point = .rownolegly.PART_7.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = z_component create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.f5 component = angle_1_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_7.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.p5 component = angle_2_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_7.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.t5 component = angle_3_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_7.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.x6 point = .rownolegly.PART_8.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = x_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.y6 point = .rownolegly.PART_8.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = y_component create_measure_display = no
measure create point measure_name = .rownolegly.z6 point = .rownolegly.PART_8.REF characteristic = translational_displacement component = z_component create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.f6 component = angle_1_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_8.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.p6 component = angle_2_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_8.REF create_measure_display = no
measure create orient measure_name = .rownolegly.t6 component = angle_3_component characteristic = euler_angles to_frame = .rownoleglyPART_8.REF create_measure_display = no
